Lets try it this way. Parse the Data Definitions Sheet first. The second row contains headers. Starting with Row 3, column A. Find the first value for the Group Name header for Column A. group name, take note of that group name . There will be no other values in that row under the other headers, such as "Field Name," "Local Label Name," or "Accepted Values," etc. But write the very next row under each value for group name that is found. There will be nothing in column A, but in column B is where the field name will start. Column B will contain the field name. Column C will contain the local label name. That is what you want to get from here. You keep going down column B to find all the field names that belong to that specific group. When you next find an empty column B, you look in column A to see if there is a group name over there. If there is, then you know that it's done in the very next row. That there will be values in column B and column C for the field name and the local label names. You keep doing that until you go through the complete process. And that there are no more values. In two consecutive rows. That are empty. Then you can use that information to obtain valid values out of the Valid Values sheet. Starting with Colu A. You look for the value that matches one of the group names that you previously extracted on the data definitions sheet. Just like the data definition sheet, there will be no other values in that row. You then move down to the next row and column B. You look for something that matches one of the item terms that you mapped out under that group from data definitions. Then you extract all the values from column C to the right. As separate values for, or possible values for that specific item type. You do that until you run out of rows in Column B that have data in them. If you come to a row that does not have data in it in Column B, then you look to the left and see if Column A has another group header or category name. If it does, that means the next set of groups, item names directly under that in Column B will belong to that group. And then you extract the valid values from Column C and onwards to the right. This is how you get all the values initially. You plug those into the template/database and store those. Regardless of what's in the next sheet, default values. And finally, in default value sheet, it's a little bit more straightforward. On the default values page. The top row is a header. - First column is local label name

Second column is field name
Third column is default value
From column D on to the right, if there's a header there, it will be called other value under each header will be the name, corresponding to the local label name. And name, corresponding to the field name. And then in the default value, will be what should be the default value. The default value may already have been picked up when the values, valid values were created when that page was parsed. But that page did not tell you what the default value should be. This sheet tells you what the default value should be for some of the columns on the template. However, if there were no valid values found for a specific local label name or field name on the valid values sheet, then anything that is in the default value would become an option to be saved. You also look to the next column over under "other value." Header, and if there are any values in there, those would then be added to any valid values that were found in the valid values sheet it would not overwrite them. It would just be in addition to. There may not have been any in the valid values sheet, so any of the default values or other values found in here would then serve to be the ones that a user could select from. On the default values sheet, I have listed the local label name and the field name identically to the ones that you will be obtaining from the data definitions page.